Add the user workload monitoring documentation (#18788)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-enabling-user-workload-monitoring.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * monitoring/user-workload-monitoring.adoc

[id="enabling-user-workload-monitoring_{context}"]
= Enabling user workload monitoring

> You can enable user workload monitoring using the cluster monitoring ConfigMap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable user workload monitoring by setting the ` techPreviewUserWorkload/enabled` flag in the cluster monitoring ConfigMap.
```

Reviewer 2: We should specify the full name of the ConfigMap as well.

.Prerequisites

* Make sure you have the `cluster-monitoring-config` ConfigMap object with the `data/config.yaml` section.

.Procedure

. Start editing the `cluster-monitoring-config` ConfigMap:
+
----
$ oc -n openshift-monitoring edit configmap cluster-monitoring-config
----

. Set the `techPreviewUserWorkload` setting to `true` under `data/config.yaml`:
+
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: cluster-monitoring-config
  namespace: openshift-monitoring
data:
  config.yaml: |
    techPreviewUserWorkload:
      enabled: true
----

> . Save the file to apply the changes. The user workload monitoring is enabled automatically.

Reviewer 3: It is better to add
you can check pods under openshift-user-workload-monitoring namespace
# oc -n openshift-user-workload-monitoring get pod
NAME                                   READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
prometheus-operator-85bbb7b64d-7jwjd   1/1     Running   0          3m24s
prometheus-user-workload-0             5/5     Running   1          3m13s
prometheus-user-workload-1             5/5     Running   1          3m13s

Reviewer: agreed, this is a good verification :+1:

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * monitoring/user-workload-monitoring.adoc

[id="enabling-user-workload-monitoring_{context}"]
= Enabling user workload monitoring

You can enable user workload monitoring by setting the ` techPreviewUserWorkload/enabled` flag in the cluster monitoring ConfigMap.

.Prerequisites

* Make sure you have the `cluster-monitoring-config` ConfigMap object with the `data/config.yaml` section.

.Procedure

. Start editing the `cluster-monitoring-config` ConfigMap:
+
----
$ oc -n openshift-monitoring edit configmap cluster-monitoring-config
----

. Set the `techPreviewUserWorkload` setting to `true` under `data/config.yaml`:
+
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: cluster-monitoring-config
  namespace: openshift-monitoring
data:
  config.yaml: |
    techPreviewUserWorkload:
      enabled: true
----

. Save the file to apply the changes. The user workload monitoring is enabled automatically.

. Optionally, you can check that the user workload monitoring pods were created:
+
----
$ oc -n openshift-user-workload-monitoring get pod

> NAME READY STATUS RESTARTS AGE

Reviewer 3: Should have a good alignment, example
` oc -n openshift-user-workload-monitoring get pod
NAME                                                      READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
prometheus-operator-67f8b97b6c-598wx   1/1          Running     0                   3h55m
prometheus-user-workload-0                     5/5          Running     1                   3h55m
prometheus-user-workload-1                     5/5          Running     1                   3h55m
`
